OSDOCS-7679: Improve text in VPC section (#64502)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sharing-vpc-dns-and-roles.adoc

// * networking/rosa-shared-vpc-config.adoc
:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-sharing-vpc-dns-and-roles_{context}"]

> = Step Two - Cluster Creator: Creating your DNS and cluster creation roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Step Two - Cluster Creator: Reserving your DNS and creating cluster operator roles
```

The Installer account role and the shared VPC role must have a one-to-one relationship. If you want to create multiple shared VPC roles, you should create one set of account roles per shared VPC role.
====

> . After you create the Operator roles, share the full domain name, which is created with `<intended_cluster_name>.<created_dns_domain>`, your _Ingress Operator Cloud Credentials_ role's ARN, and your _Installer_ role's ARN with the *VPC Owner* to continue configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After you create the Operator roles, share the full domain name, which is created with `<intended_cluster_name>.<reserved_dns_domain>`, your _Ingress Operator Cloud Credentials_ role's ARN, and your _Installer_ role's ARN with the *VPC Owner* to continue configuration.
```
